Update enforcing-ssl.md (#15774)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/enforcing-ssl.md

Close any browser instances open. Open a new browser window to app.

> See [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/issues/16892) for troubleshooting certificate issues with Visual Studio.

Reviewer: Just a nit suggestion ... you know how much I love the "see this" link text. :smile: lol

```suggestion
See [HTTPS Error using IIS Express (aspnet/AspNetCore #16892)](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/issues/16892) for troubleshooting certificate issues with Visual Studio.
```
